for making beef stew you
need beef brisket podcherchevok
salt pepper and bay leaf
water, wash the meat well and clean it
films then along with underscore
chop into portions
in a dry frying pan 34 minutes to
golden brown
shift to cauldron add a little
rinse water in the pan formed
on the ice and pour this liquid cauldron
salt and stew meat on a minimum
fire 5 hours dry at the bottom
sterilized jars put pepper
peas and bay leaf
then put hot meat into it tightly
roll up the sterilized lid
check tightness inverted
upside down jars
wrap in a blanket to cool slowly for
cooking chicken stews take
Chicken Salt Pepper Peas Bay Leaf
cut the chicken into large pieces so
so that they fit in the bank to the bottom
cans put one bay
worth 3-4 peppercorns add salt and
spices to taste
cover the cans with lids or foil
put on sprinkled with a thin layer
salt pan and send in the cold
oven heat it to 110 degrees
when the meat in the banks boil lift
temperature up to 180 degrees and stew to
ready for two hours, get the stew out of
oven and roll the banks sterile
caps check tightness
upside down cans send
in the blanket slowly cool down for
cooking casseroles you will need
beef stew
onion breadcrumbs
potato eggs grated parsley dill cheese
forgivable creamy mixture finely
chop onions fry until
the appearance of golden brown add to
him breadcrumbs good
mix in the pan
beef stew lightly fry boil
potato grated on the grater
add eggs to baking
oiled
vegetable creamy mix and
sprinkled with breadcrumbs
shift half the mashed potatoes
top truncate and shavings from
vegetable creamy mixture then
evenly distribute throughout the form
fried stew with onions top layer
add the second half round and also
drag and shavings from
vegetable cream mixture
sprinkle grated cheese
send the dish in the oven preheated to
180 degrees and bake for 15-20
minute decorate the dish finely
chopped herbs for cooking
cabbage canneloni take
sunflower oil stew
onion fresh basil rosemary
white wine hard cheese peking cabbage
vegetable-cream starch
heat the pan on medium heat
sunflower oil and fry on it
stew with onion, basil and rosemary
add dry white wine mix
let the wine evaporate then this filling
lay out and on a sheet of Peking cabbage
add grated cheese and wrap
roll out the rolls in
starch
and lightly fry on hot
pan, pour bechamel sauce and
stew for 15 minutes to cook
Bechamel sauce you will need
vegetable creamy mixture flour milk
ground nutmeg salt and black
ground pepper over medium heat melt
in a skillet vegetable mixture
add flour and mix well
fry until golden brown then
add ground nutmeg salt and
pepper to taste
stirring constantly pour fine
boil the milk and cook until the mixture
thickens